Characters:
Novel Rainov
Mia Rainova - sister of Novel
Violetta - their guardian
Adam - dictator (bad president)

Novel born at 25 july 2008, with a sister that born at 6 july 2009, were living in the universe where was only one country and one city and one president. Novel and Mia were not cats or foxes, they were Filenia's, ancient race which survived to our days. Government and most of the civilians did not really liked them, they were not like the others, they were stronger, more serious and dangerous, but had a good character. Because nobody liked their race, government decided to start an extermination of them, but not just kill all at once, but partitally and make it look like the death penalty for violating the law. Filenias were resricted from having kids, going to stores and shops, contact with others for longer that 5 minutes, else execution.

Time have passed, Novel and Mia was in 9 grade of school. All those 9 years, classmates were bullying Mia and Novel, and Mia was scared to make any contact with others, while Novel was helping Mia by defending her from others, and because of such emotional pressure, Novel had a anger issues.

One day bullies hit Novel so hard into his neck, so he lost his voice. In hospital, he got a voice module implanted, this was dumb cuz now he sounded like a woman, but he just decided to not speak until his vocal cords wint fully recover.

One day, bullies decided to start annoying Novel by throwing at him. Novel at first ignored them, but then, after another hit in head, he turned around and screamed at them, threatning them so they will stop. Teacher calmed Novel down, Mia was already scared, she knew that one more hit and he will go wild. That's exactly what happened. Novel got pencil thrown at him and just gone crazy, he jumped from his place, knocking down the guy, he pressed him against floor and started screaming at him with double voice (voice module): "I warned you, I WARNED YOU-", teacher tried to stop him, but got thrown aside by tail, "I dare you both, try to fuck around with me or Mia once more, AND YOU BOTH WILL DIE RIGHT WERE YOU WILL STAND". At this moment Mia laid on her table and just covered herself from anything because of fear. Then security ran into the class and dragged Novel away from the guy.

Next day they both were expelled from school, but Novel did not wanted to stay with that, he walked into a library wearing a black windbreaker with a hood to hide his face, he asked for a math, computer science and physics books. On his way home he found a new book laying on the ground, everyone was walking by it almost like not seeing it, Novel picked up this book and readed: "Path to freedom, by unaknowledged", there was a black and white star on the cover, he took this book out of curiosity. Once he got back home, first thing he opened was this book. It was written in Mraiy (language that only Filenias know), Novel decided to read this book more.

After a week after school accident, at the evening, Novel's mom got home, and was crying, she handed over the package with food and hugged Novel really hard, next was Mia, they were hugging really long, after mom released them Novel asked why she was crying, she did not answered on that, she said that she need to go and that "Everything will be fine", she kissed them and left. Time had passed she did not returned, two days later, they got a phone call, it was someone new, she was kind and asked how old Novel are, "14" he said, she said: "I need to tell you what happened, please, don't cry", Novel agreed, voice from the phone explained the situation and Novel feelt really weird after hearing it. It became hard to breathe, he wanted to cry, but couldn't, he was stunned and asked "Why are you telling me this?", she responded "I was asked to be your guardian, since you are now orphans...", Novel agreed, voice from phone said "By the way, my name is Violetta, forgot to tell you that...".

Violetta She was extremely kind and understanding, and she took care of Novel and Mia as if they were her own children.

Novel was secretly reading the book, this book teached him how to use a powerfull thing referenced as "Super Interface", he was learning and practicing it, before he finally mastered it.

One day, they got a knock on their door, Novel opened the door there was one of helpers of president, he said "Hello, Novel... I heard you got an illegal guardian here, am I right?", Novel changed in face, said "No" and tried to slam the door, but helper stopped him, and as if to spite her, Violetta came out at that moment, Novel understood what is about to happen, and said: "I dare you to try...". Helper took out his saev (small trident) and threw it into Violetta, it got right into her neck and nailed her to the wall, Mia runned to Violetta, Novel was really angry, he turned around and said "You're a dead man!", helper said "So that wasn't enough, huh? Dumb kitten", he tried to throw another saev into Mia, but when it almost hit her, it stopped, Novel stopped it with telekinesis, Helper was shocked, Novel said "For sure now...", helper turned around and started running towards the exit, where there was a helicopter waiting. Novel wasn't fast enough and helper got inside and almost flied away, but Novel decided to use SIs again, and gave himself wings, he rushed to the helicopter, but forgot about helicopter blades and got hit.

He woke up at night, it was raining, he checked himself, no injuries, he looked around he was on the roof, he remembered about what happend and tried to fly up, but his left wing was torn, he tried to fix it with SIs, but failed, it had no energy. He stood up and tried to find a way out the roof, but didn't noticed broken wire and stepped into the puddle, he got shocked, but did not felt any pain, instead, he felt better, and noticed that his wing started to fix itself, once it's done, he looked in the puddle and saw himself, wet fur, glowing eyes, he decided to finish what he started and after jumping from the roof, he flied towards government buidling.

Once he arrived, he landed right at the center in front of the front doors. Once security noticed him, they started shooting him, but Novel deflected all the bullets catched one and threw it back right into the head of one of security guys, while second one was in shock, Novel flinged himself towards second security guy, hittng him in head with legs, security guard got knocked back and hit wall too hard so he passed out (not died), Novel headed to the main office where president where sitting at, killing everyone who got on his way. President where sitting and was not expecting anything, and suddently doors got knocked from their hindges and Novel appears in front of him, after waiting a bit he started slowly walking towards the president.
President rushed towards the revolver, but once he got it in his hands, it got dragged over to Novel, he took the revolver and throwed it into the president, but missed and broke the glass.
Novel started talking with double voice: "You thought, that you can kill us, that you can equate us with garbage and get away with it...? Oh, no..., no, no, and... no..."
By that time he approached the president and grabbed him by his neck, raising him into the air, "You know that you are racist, EVERYONE know, that you are racist. I am gonna do something, that every Filenia wanted to do, but just was too scared...". President said: "You, bitches, are proud, selfish, not thinking about the rest, saving only your asses, leaving the rest to die. I'm saving the others from you.". Novel grinned and said: "See you in hell then".

Novel threw him onto the floor, he was about to stand on his skull, but Adam dodged. He headed towards the revolver, but Novel flinged himself towards him and knocked him over, he picked up the revolver and threw it into the window. Adam was shocked and got hit by the Novel's tail, (I am too lazy and sleepy to write the whole fight here, sorry).

Novel hit the Adam with claws, he fell, Novel leaned down and said breathless: "Sharade is over". He bit into his neck, "Goodbye" and he pulled it, killing Adam. He was happy, terrified and proud at the same time.
He dropped him from the window and flied back home.

Once he arrived, Mia higged him tight, she was crying, Novel saw Violetta and told Mia: "we need to burry her, so she will go to heaven", Mia agreed.

Next week they were living fine, but decided to stay inside, news were filled with murder of Adam and that they decided to pick his Helper as new president. Suddently, gravity gone, light too, earthquake started. Mia asked: "What is happening?", Novel didn't have time to answer as rift appeared and they both got sucked in...
